Add logs monitoring content (#129)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-logs.asciidoc

[[monitor-logs]]
= Monitor logs

The {logs-app} in {kib} enables you to search, filter, and tail all your logs

> ingested into {es}. Instead of having to log into different servers, changing
> directories and tailing individual files, all the logs are available in the {logs-app}. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ingested into {es}. Instead of having to log into different servers, change
directories, and tail individual files, all your logs are available in the {logs-app}. 
```
